The first thing I'm going to do is make sure Spark and Kafka running.
Ps -ef will help me with that.
I'm looking for Spark twice and several Javas.
That tells me Spark's running and Kafka's running.
I'm going to clear that terminal.
Now let's look at the code.
The first thing we've done is import all of our classes we need.
Then we've got our redis message schema.
Then we're going to create a payment JSON schema to match the JSON payload here.
We're going to create our Spark session,
set the log level to warn,
connect to Kafka using the appropriate options for
Bootstrap server topic, starting offsets.
We're going to extract the binary data here and cast it as strings,
and then we have access to it in regular string format.
Using the data frame with the string formatted keys and values,
we'll extract the JSON using the redis message schema.
Select all those fields and save them in a redis data view.
We'll select from the redis data view.
We're looking specifically for the key and the z set entries,
element zero of the array.
Within the zeroth element,
there's an object which has an element field.
We want that field. We're going to call it Payment.
It is base-64 encoded at this time,
so we called it encoded streaming data frame.
We're going to decode it using the.withColumn function.
We will overload the payment with an unbase-64 encoded version of the payment field,
casting it as a string.
We now want to deserialize the JSON that's stored in that field.
We're going to use the data frame that has the decoded data in it.
Overloading the column called Payment using the from JSON function,
we'll reference the payment JSON schema.
Then we'll select all of the new fields we've just
extracted and put them into a view called Payment.
We'll select reservation ID and amount from payment using
Spark.SQL into a payment streaming data frame.
That data frame we want to cast back into JSON format,
so we'll cast the reservation ID as a string and make it the key for the Kafka topic.
We're going to make the struct star inserted into our to JSON function call,
which will take all the fields currently in
this data frame and inject them as JSON fields.
We'll call that value,
and that will be our payload.
We're going to write the stream to Kafka using the local host 9092 broker.
The topic will be called Payment-JSON.
We're going to put it in a checkpoint location called Kafkacheckpoint3.
Remember that this needs to be a folder that your Spark workers have right access to.
I'm going to save that.
Now I'm going to CD to homework space, Spark and LS.
I have a script called submit payment solution.sh.
See, now we're waiting for the Spark application to run.
Now it says leader not available.
That means it just created this Kafka topic and started generating data into it.
I'm going to go to the data Kafka bin folder.
I'm going to run the Kafka console consumer and attach to
Kafka using the bootstrap server of local host 9092,
the topic of payment-json.
Go from the beginning.
We should see JSON.
There we go. We have reservation ID and amount.
We should have selected probably amount from payment where amount is not null,
because we're getting some data that's not payment data.
That's why we're seeing JSON with no amount in it. That would fix that.
I'm going to break out of my console with "Control+C".
Then I'm going to "Control+C" out of this Spark application.j